Improve Android privacy policy (#19)
syncthing/website: content/android-privacy-policy.md

# Syncthing-Android Privacy Policy

Read this document to understand how the app Syncthing-Android uses data.

---

Syncthing-Android does not collect any user information.

The app does not store any location data.

> The location permission is used only to access background location in order to check for an SSID of the currently active WiFi.

Reviewer: What's "background location". And we don't access location, so why say we do. Also the permissions "location in the background" is an entity, a phrase used by Google - having that verbatim is more important than nice sentences :)

Author: I took the phrase directly from Google… (see https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2020/02/safer-location-access.html, "Preventing unnecessary access to background location").

The accessing part I can change, but WiFi is in fact a part of location in the eyes of Google, and Syncthing does access it, so…

> The sole purpose of this information is to limit synchronisation to user-configured WiFi connections.

Reviewer: The text in the app uses "Wi-Fi", so I stuck with that on purpose.

The app itself never collects the location in the process, and as such it also does not use or save any location data.

> The app does not store any camera data.

Reviewer: camera data?

Author: Yeah, I just copied the sentence from the location part. It is not really necessary.

The camera permission is used solely to scan QR codes in order to provide an easy method for entering device IDs.
The app does not save any actual pictures or video in the process.

Syncthing-Android runs Syncthing, which may collect anonymous usage data related to the usage of the application.

> In order for this to happen, the user is required to either consciously opt in or use beta/release builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for this to happen, the user is required to either consciously opt in or use beta/candidate releases.
```
